Message Orchestration/Canvas Sync Alt Text (#3293)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_partners/canvas_steps/google_audience_sync.md

![The first dialogue box prompting to select a Google account to connect to Braze.][2]{: style="max-width:38%;"}  ![The second dialogue box prompting you to allow Braze to manage your AdWords campaigns.][3]{: style="max-width:29%;"}

Once you have successfully connected your Google Ads account, you will be taken back to your Google Ads partner page in Braze. 

![The updated Google Ads technology page showing the connected email account.][4]

{% alert important %}
If you plan to export iOS IDFA or Google Advertising IDs within your audience sync, Google requires your iOS app ID and Android app ID within the requests. Within the Google Audience Sync module, select __Add Mobile Advertising IDs__, input your iOS app ID and Android app ID (app package name), and save each.

![The updated Google Ads technology page showing the "Add Mobile Advertising IDs" button checked, allowing you to same an iOS or Android AppID.]({% image_buster /assets/img/google_sync/google_sync5.png %})
{% endalert %}

### Step 2: Add a Google Audience step in Canvas

Add a step in your Canvas, select the dropdown at the top of the step, and select the __Google Audience__ step.

> ![An image of the steps to create a Google audience in Canvas.][6]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Workflow of the previous steps to add a Google audience in Canvas.][6]
```

Next, save your audience by clicking the __Create Audience__ button at the bottom of the step editor.

> ![An image of the Custom Audience Canvas step expanded. Here, the desired Ad account is selected, a new audience is created, and the "customer contact info" check box selected.]({% image_buster /assets/img/google_sync/google_sync7.png %})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Expanded view of the Custom Audience Canvas step. Here, the desired Ad account is selected, a new audience is created, and the "customer contact info" checkbox is selected.]({% image_buster /assets/img/google_sync/google_sync7.png %})
```

Users will be notified at the top of the step editor if the audience is created successfully or if errors arise during this process. Users can reference this audience for user removal later in the Canvas journey because the audience was created in draft mode. 

> ![An image of the alert that appears once a new audience is created in the Canvas step.]({% image_buster /assets/img/google_sync/google_sync9.png %})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Alert that appears once a new audience is created in the Canvas step.]({% image_buster /assets/img/google_sync/google_sync9.png %})
```

Once you've configured your Google Audience step, select __Done__. Your Google Audience step will include details about the new audience.

> ![An image of the Custom Audience Canvas step expanded. Here, the desired Ad account and existing audience is selected, as well as the "Add user to Audience" radio button.]({% image_buster /assets/img/google_sync/google_sync8.png %})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Expanded view of the Custom Audience Canvas step. Here, the desired Ad account and existing audience is selected, as well as the "Add user to Audience" radio button.]({% image_buster /assets/img/google_sync/google_sync8.png %})
```
